Minor Typo in Deploying to Kubernetes Docs (#22604)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/docs/running-on-kubernetes.asciidoc

The size and the number of nodes in a Kubernetes cluster can be fairly large at times, and in such cases
the Pod that will be collecting cluster level metrics might face performance issues due to
resources limitations. In this case users might consider to avoid using the leader election strategy

> and instead run a dedicated, standalone Metricbeat instance using a Deployment in addition to the DaemonSet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and instead run a dedicated, standalone {beatname_uc} instance using a Deployment in addition to the DaemonSet.
```
